you have to go back and the tournament 86
87 to find a departure equally
negative
the Rimini a busto arsizio loses the third
match in three league games
play all with the Lombard teams
the 4 1 final for the pro patria punishes
excessively a red and white team
that up to the expulsion of morgan
sixteenth of the second half had played
on a par with the listed bustocchi then le
giannone goal of the collapse
ready away and you try it now
balloon out of nothing
not even 90 seconds have passed
response of the red and white
today in black and onescu estate whose
shooting at lap five ends
abundantly to the side
at 10 he comes to Rimini marks his first
goals in the 2012 2013 championship
author the taddei rookie who exploits
an empty exit of the novice
vavassori 01 the bats touch the
Lightning tie with seraphim deflecting
beside the few centimeters the invitation from
artaria right at 12 we are i
Romagna to make themselves still dangerous
taddei for baldati whose diagonal
off at the eighteenth corner of taddei
framed at the first pole of andrea
brighi and hopes he hits the crossbar
then returns to the field a minute after the
giannone left and put in a corner
from an attentive overheated to the twenty-ninth
taddei upturned baldazzi corner
ball in the goalkeeper's arms
Lombard to the 32nd n'esco collects one
short of home defense e
you will beat stockings, you will reply in the foul
lateral
you go to the interval with the troop of
angel ahead of a goal
the start of rimini recovery e
promising for the third central initiative
of morga exchange with taddei e
attacker's conclusion on the exit
of vavassori on the side
at the eighth the taddei cross is
too high for valerians
at the ninth the tiger cubs tie jannone
for seraphim who gets free in the area with
elegance and exceeds over 11 al
sixteenth contact in the morgue area
andreoni the happy white and red striker
on the ground and melon of frattamaggiore i
shows the second yellow
rimini forced to close in a10 for
the third time out of three to the nineteenth
tad and recovers the ball after the postponement
wrong of nossa tip the same
defender and shoot side of nothing
in the same minute on the other side of the
Campo reveals 21 Lombardians with and Giannone
which enters the area at one hundred per hour e
marks its fourth center in three
matches with the red and white at the 32nd
to the punishment of giannone is destined
at the crossroads scotti flies and puts in
angle
at minute 35 falomi drops tris
getting rid of a fake baron
before piercing the goalkeeper again
Romagna
at the thirty-seventh stockings with one
conclusion from the edge of the area exceeds
burn on the first post and the 4 1 that
definitely closes the games
at the 42nd titles just entered there
try it from outside
sphere that does not find the target ends
4 1 for the buns for the rimini la
third defeat in a row with just one goal
pact as many as 8 suffered